= nScanty

== Overview

nScanty is an extremely lightweight ASP.net MVC 3 blogging platform, based on the Sinatra based blog, Scanty (https://github.com/adamwiggins/scanty).

nScanty should be fully usable, but is not fully tested and therefore should still be considered beta software at best.

nScanty is designed to work with MongoDb (http://www.mongodb.org/), but could easily be modified to work with other dbs.

== Getting Started

After forking and cloning the project, look in the app settings of web.config and change the settings to fit your needs. Don't forget to set a username and password, they will be required for all administrative functions.

There are two hard-coded connection strings at the moment. One in data\PostRepository and data\UserRepository. These will work fine if you have an instance of MongoDb (http://www.mongodb.org/) running locally (it is extraordinarily easy to setup).

The blog can also easily be used with App Harbor and App Harbor's MongoHQ add-on. To use MongoHQ, simply replace the local connection string with "var connection = ConfigurationManager.AppSettings.Get("MONGOHQ_URL");" and enable the add-on within
App Harbor. Upon deploy you'll be fully up and running.  

== Administration

There is NO direct link to login. Navigate to http://{base url}/Account/LogOn to sign in and enable administrative functions like adding, editing and deleting posts. I recommend bookmarking the login screen as there is no obvious way to get back to it!

Once signed in, a "New Post" link appears in the upper right hand corner. Clicking on an existing post provides an edit link where posts can be updated or deleted.


== Help

Feel free to add an issue if you encounter a specific problem/bug.

Stay tuned for updates, hopefully I'll have a more production worthy version available soon.
